>> Evan You: This is pretty
straightforward, but
we notice that our configuration
is essentially hard-coded.
Ideally, you have an app and
you have some routing configurations.
You want this routing to
be somehow hoisted out so
that you can have a routing
table you can look at.
You know which path corresponds to what,
which this example does not have.
So our next exercise is essentially
building it on top of that,
I need to switch back.
>> Evan You: 5.2, now we have a bit
more boilerplate written for you.
We have a foo component,
have a bar component, and
we have a not found component,
okay, and we have a route table.
We want to implement the route table so
that the rendering is the source of truth,
how your path to correspond to components
should be from this route table.
And the behavior should remain
the same from the last half except for
when you are at a hash that is not foo or
not bar it should display not found.
>> Evan You: And just as a hint it's
probably a good idea to use render
functions for this exercise.